[Hackweek 2023] Experimental Vale config (#7696)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties/session-replay.mdx

### `trace`

> A trace represents the record of the entire operation you want to measure or track-like page load, searched using the UUID generated by Sentry’s SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A trace represents the record of the entire operation you want to measure or track, such as page load, searched using the UUID generated by Sentry’s SDK.
```
